text
any ideas why java plugin takes so long to load
java .
yes
java . loads much faster
noneus how can i get . is there a .deb somewhere
not yet.
noneus is this blackdown or sun
did you install just the jre
i use ibms ..
jdk because i do globus development
ah ok then ill give it a try does ibm have a standard jre with plugin
yes
thanks ill try that screwed up and tried to upgrade firefoxjava on my own now java takes real long time to load
cant seem to find an ibm jre package would you happen to have a url
httpswww.software.ibm.comdllxdklxdkp
you have to create a login.
much appreciated
. is latest ibm java
yes.
for certain arches
do you have jsecommon installed in ubuntu as well is ibms java
i do not.
ok got it
i dont know whats up no matter what java plugin i use it takes a really long time to load a java applet
are you using warty or hoary  and firefox . or .
hoary kernel from warty mixed with debian sidexperimental. mozillafirefox . from sid.
eh i dare not to go there 
whered you get that mozillafirefox from sid 
its in sids pool
i can get the .deb on the web
sure but id wait a couple days. itll probably be in hoary within days.
but...hoary...isnt that unstable
how did you hold back and keep warty kernel
i use aptpinning to keep the linux well kernelrelated packages pinned to wartysecurity
ok so far ibms java is pretty clean fast and seems stable so far d
indeed.
so just wait a day for sed error to be fixed and dont aptget upgrade at this time
it is already fixed. the matter of the fixed package migrating to pool is of time.
got it thanks
lol crash d
dell laptop
lsmodgrep sndintelxmwc l
 but i did install hsf deb early on then upgraded to hoary
and yes dell laptop sorry
look in procinterrupts and ensure an irq is being assigned to your sound chipset
roger
only thing closely resembling is i would that be it
nope
ok thanks how to fix
and sndintelx is loaded correct
yes it is loaded
could be installing hsf from the getgo cause this
im not familiar w hsf
hsf linuxant modem drivers
ah.
id try and disable anything in bios youre not using like a printer port since youre already using the modem
dell bios is usually pretty limited but looking into now thanks
indeed.  you are the man.  i disabled as much as possible in bios and not soundcard is assigned an irq is it  wonder why all of a sudden this needed to be done  maybe because modem driver was properly installed
ive seen the error quite a few times with sndintelxm being loaded or an irq not being assigned etc.
seems to be a problem with that bios but im not certain.
this bios has multiple issues actually 
cant get apm working with it and ubuntu and acpi support is iffy at this point
why is ssh only listening on tcp
huh
sorry netstat tupan says ssh is listening on tcp is that ipv only
no that includes ipv
do you have opensshserver installed if so can you real quick ssh localhost let me know if it works if you are running unstable...
its fine.
on the wiki.
roger that 
any more broken than normal no.
cant get my usb mp player to fire up with gnomad it just hangs and latest isnt in sid yet which i need as its a new player
what is the command to make a dep out of a source package  make dist 
depdeb
no its more complicated than that for some packages.
for what application are you attempting this
libnjb
there is debian subdir
which x.org devel package
um there is no xorgdevel 
what issues
like if two soundcards doesnt select the right one or something i just remember having sound issues upon initial install of warty
i gave my neighbor a bunch he knows all the kids in town and going to hand em out at school d
but i think gave my neighbor too much going to take some back for school
ill fire up laptop and check one sec
yep broken sorry about that
what packages did mplayer for warty  choke on
libarts libfrididi libggi libungifg
im backporting it from hoary if youre willing to try the packages ill let you know from where to grab them when it finishes.
awesome of course 
attempting the downgrade as mentioned per the wiki
ping
the downgrade seemed to work d
excellent.
there are a few issues with gmplayer of that mplayer query 
have you run across any
yes a few with gmplayer
two actually
spill.
 when gmplayer starts the rotary hourglass hangs for a few seconds like its waiting for something to initialize and  nevermind and issue in my mplayer.conf  and  might set the default xoxv so that when f key for fullscreen image isnt centered in middle of screen but does take up full screen  the first is the only real issue though.  let me run gmplayer in terminal
ok when i start gmplayer in terminal there is no hang
i dont use gmplayer really but...
only when i start it from menu
i will take a look at the menu entry
dont understand  or 
x is a safer default because xv is broken on some chipsets
nevermind on  and  x is safer nevermind on that one as well 
thanks for notifying.
xv is optimised for the drivers that support it properly
only probs can find then is when launched from menu entry
think its safe to use hoary .. kernel in warty
your call though i advise you to stick with wartys if you use the binaryonly nvidia or ati driver.
got it thanks
did starting gmplayer from the menu work in a previous mplayer build
know how redhat has ntsysv ncurses based app does ubuntudebian have anything similar for handling init scripts
updaterc.d
fscking updaterc.d fscking giving me fscking headaches
there must be something awry with your menu entry for gmplayer. someone else attests that it executes perfectly.
youre right sorry about that its probably on my end as i did an downgrade from hoary to wary thanks anymore testing i can do let me know i should have mentioned that beforehand but it works
how to fix the menu entry  anything like delete .gconf or
know if when hoary ships fbsplash will be enabled and if so will default gnometerminal background be the fbsplash image file
to be honest i have no idea jdub probably has a much clearer idea.
ok thanks
links wm lynx ...
can you dcc me etcmuttrc that ships with mutt
hi ive ran a few apps under sudo s now things are messed up is there any way to recover
that depends entirely on what you commands you executed.
guarddog lokkit firestarter i think is all
now ls l doesnt respond and gnome panels are messed up and nautilus cant start
or is there a link to unfsck i.e. i know it was mentioned in kbsetup
what did you do with those applications
i use a homebrewed iptables script so im afraid i cant necessarily assist.
i launched them under sudo s and configured them or would there be another reason why ls l homelance doesnt respond
or gets hung
usually if that command doesnt respond you have a serious problem like a kernel oops
does it work after a reboot
sure doesnt
let me try booting another kernel brb
it was stupid firestarter and networked filesystems
hows array  working out
hoary system itself seems fine but i cant use the display since the crt is kaput. 
thanks
i really like the new update manager btw much more intuitive and simpler than synaptic 
aptitude is another front end to apt.
lol i did why p
is aptitude safer to use than say aptget distupgrade
safer for me its preference.
ever use openbox
for a long time openbox  then openbox  were my preferred wms
using metacity now
no im at work so im technically using whatever xp uses.
on your ubuntu box i meant
for my main user  yes  although i use a variety of wms for different users
know how with openssh it will not write .sshknownhosts

i.e. knownhosts doesnt get written when the server sends its public key...
why would it when the keys are exchanged that file is only modified when you as the user acknowledge affirmatively that you wish to add the host key
my problem is i have two computers behind the same domain name so i get a man in the middle attack warning and no connect when switching between the two
switching between the two
ssh to one computer namedomain different port disconnect ssh samenamedomain different port the second time i  get warning and no connect
the warning is normal
i figured it out thanks
hi does .gnome contain gconf variables
muine is in universe afaik

its crashing often in hoary after running mpgain on a large mp dir should i file a bug
i was asking if muine is in universie
absolutely
..ubuntu is hoaryuniverse
do i need to copy anybody or defaults is good
defaults are fine.
opened a bug regarding muine


is it possible muine is having a buffer overflow due to libmuine.so.so not being able to be found  why its looking for that i have no clue.
buffer overflow highly doubtful.
just a wild guess how can i provide more debugging info  gdb tells nothing.
did you set the monodebug env var to a nonzero value
only thing i set was monologleveldebug what do you recommend setting it to like 
export monodebug should work
or  or something
if i go into gconf settings and change monitored folder to something else it pops back working
last line in debug is monoinfo dllimport loading location libglib..so.. then it segfaults.
could be one particular mp on my end ill try to isolate a bit more
isolate it lol
hows it going mate
nbad yourself
not bad just watched a smoothwall install die on a mb nic card and might be getting some work installing a linux server later on
and really impressed with how ubuntu is coming along minus the crap of a power management my laptop has
what should i use as cd burning app if i want to get rid of kb
graveman
can graveman do isos or just rely on nautilus for that
is there alsa cvs available in ubuntu
cvs no.
.. is available in hoaryuniverse via the alsasource package.
yes my card just got bit support but i have to patch against cvs to use it i can wait i guess would be nice though 
on my laptop with hoary if i dmesggrep i dsdt it says initrd doesnt have a dsdt patch when on bugzilla it says it does...
any ideas on the dsdt or just comment on the closed bug
sorry could you point me to the bug 
httpsbugzilla.ubuntu.comshowbug.cgiid
ok will look in a bit busy atm
ok thanks
none. alsadriver is the name of the source package.
what specifically are you looking for
driver module
try using the alsasource and alsabase debs from experimental
im using them just fine ....rc
how can i get experimental

its fairly complicated you cant use the debs directly
can i make .debs from alsadriver package
yes if you tweak.
however the dependencies are fairly twisted.  i dont recommend it.
ok thanks
which contains the .ko file
in regular hoary
the alsadriver deb that you build from alsasource
linuximage contains those
k thnx
i know its probably not a good idea but going to stick with alsadriver stable for now self compiled pv support in ..rc seem broken
sure.  how is ca in ..rc broken
you have to use a corresponding ..rc libasound as well
no bit support for audigy
ah so i need the libs as well doh
still broken it seems
what is
..rc
pv support for audigy eys
regular pcm works fine
and youve confirmed via cvs revisions that this is the case
nope. just tried rc
its not high priority really ive submitted a big to gnomes bugzilla regarding gstreamer and custom sink to enable pv but reckon should wait until at least it makes it into stable before following up on bug
pv support in alsa for audigy that is wait until stable
not sure how gst would really help there besides being able to specify a virtual device.
as the custom sink is broken in gst and works in xine
afaik the fact that pv support even works in rc is a complete fluke because it appears to be utterly broken
and broken it is in rc heh ill help jcdutton if i can
hi hows it going do you know how to load a custom dsdt in initrd
in hoary...
why did they remove the ndiswrapper page
they didnt its having difficulties. see the topic.
theres no one package that does.
i messed it up somehow is there a way to reset  when i run dhclient it doesnt write the nameservers
i was helping troubleshoot the wireless network at school and installed pump and other junk
how to fix my etcresolv.conf so that it writes nameservers when using dhclint 
youre not invoking dhclient manually are you
yes
i am invoking dhclient manually
err why
the instance in etcnetworkinterfaces doesnt work
what is that
thats the actual file.
ok
hi
hi
what to do after aptget install alsasource to install .. driver
figured it out lol thanks to linkage
werent you using ..cvs anyhow
um was using emuk oss there for a bit then to ubuntu stock now ..
i couldnt get it to compile with cvscompile
hum. i could have sworn you were using alsa ..cvs at one point.
think i tried at one point was using ..rc
its a shame actually emukoss is a decent driver
of course its decent thats where the alsa driver has its roots 
ah
why when i save something to the desktop it doesnt show up
in gnome
hi is it normal behaviour that is i save something to the desktop folder it doesnt show up on the desktop unless i refresh that folder in nautilus
i suppose that depends on the backend which depends whether dnotify or inotify is used
which do you use
i use inotify because im using a pre..
so any previous uses dnotify
hoarys kernel does
odd using gtks file save dialogue  of the time if i save a file to teh desktop it doesnt show up unless i refresh in nautilus
my hunch is that dnotifygamin are to blame
oh how to get rid of them  this is an upgrade from warty...
you dont have any choice currently
can i go back to fam or is that a bad idea as well
is a shame ill just have to refresh nautilus to see whats on desktop wout killing nautilus
bad idea to go back
ok then dangit
should i file a bug upgrade to breezy or just wait
check bugzilla certainly but its a better idea to wait
ok dangit
ping
pong
remember we were talking about setting up two soundcards  there is person in creative could use some help with that if you have a minute.
with alsa
right now oss but maybe alsa later could you join please
have him ping me when hes dealing with alsa thanks
got it thanks
no
cant install captive with it
sure you can just install buildessential gcc. and linuxheadersuname r
ok thanks
is captive part of ubuntu or do i need to add a repo or just install a .deb
you need to compile it yourself
thanks
i found a repo for captive should i still install from source
a repo may not be specifically for your ubuntu install
ok ill go with the source
is it ok to add a repository that is intrepid to hardy
no absolutely not
you can use a backport if there is one or you can try compiling the source package of intrepid
what is it
zoneminder ..
do you have any recommendations
well you think wrong backports is for installing newer apps. but anyway there doesnt seem to be a backport for zoneminder.
if you wait a while ill see if i can compile the intrepid version then give you instructions to do it.
leave .configure alone please.
you can install the intrepid source package without touching .configure just have a little patience.
ok i can help you get a proper package compiled shall i
your good i keep gettin
sudo nano etcaptsources.list and add this line  debsrc httpse.archive.ubuntu.comubuntu intrepid main restricted universe multiverse
save and do sudo aptget update
yes thats fine  well remove that line later
its true but its a source repository and well only get this one package from it to compile
top or bottom is the same
thats not a source package thats just the upstream distribution. im talking about a proper ubuntu source package which will get a binary .deb compiled.
ok ill follow your lead updating sources.list starting now
when youre done create an empty directory with mkdir mypackage then cd mypackage
tell me when youre done
now aptget source zoneminder
then youll have to modify a file slightly because it doesnt compile out of the box. do cd zoneminder.. then nano srczmmpeg.cpp
now go to line  to do that hit ctrlw then ctrlt then type 
uh
well its the intrepid version
no
hardy version is .. intrepid version is ..
then you didnt add the intrepid line correctly and really theres nothing you need to comment out
im sure you right lemme double check
debsrc httpse.archive.ubuntu.comubuntu intrepid main restricted universe multiverse
and sudo aptget update
ok do you remember the rest of the steps youll have to remove the stuff that was downloaded now first
not the old directory you made a new one right
do you see urlfcloseofcpb
change it to   urlfcloseofcpb
then save and exit ctrlx
yes that doesnt matter. just change 
yes thats right
now do dpkgbuildpackage b uc while youre in the directory zoneminder..
ah wait i forgot to make you get the build dependencies
first do sudo aptget builddep zoneminder
then dpkgbuildpackage b uc
yes thats correct
do you have a hardy build
we dont want actual binary packages to be downloaded from intrepid repositories
ok
yes but you really shouldnt take binary packages from strangers. anyway were nearly done
but you would have installed it from the upstream source which can be a bad idea
that would not have worked builddep gets the dependencies to compile not the ones to run the binary .deb package
thanks for helping i run that one command inside the zoneminder direcotry right
yes dpkgbuildpackage b uc. then if you cd .. you should find a .deb package ready to be installed with gdebi or dpkg i in that directory.
for your information if there hadnt been this little difficulty with line  youd just have done aptget builddep packagename  aptget build source packagename and youd have found yourself with a working .deb immediately
we had to complicate that a little because of having to edit the sourcecode
ya im glad bc the old version is buggy
has it finished compiling i need to go away soon
it is still compiling this is on a somewhat slower box
you can just use gdebi to install it that will get the dependencies too
uhm im sorry but i just have to go now you may have to edit debianzoneminder.substvars and change the dependencies...
dern
ok
o ok
ok
i tied using livecd but that doenst work
so ima reinstall it using wubi since i just uninstalled it
nope
i made the cd i mean but instead i just get a black screen
i hear some music like the bongos
after that im done
ok with the live cd u mean the three options demo installition  installtion and more about ubuntu
use the persons nick that your talking to when responding so your message wont get lost in the noise.. just type the first few characters of the nick and hit tab for easy completion.
you didnt use tab.. my nick got misspelled  .. thats a smiley face
yes
ok good i put the cd in and i get three otoptins which are demo and full installtion install inside windows and learn more
which  to chose
im still on my orignal os windows ep
youve obviously inserted the cd while still in windows.. do you want to keep windows on the computer and also have ubuntu or would you like to wipe windows off and just have ubuntu.. or still yet do you want to just test ubuntu out while in the windows environment
im just worried if ubunto doesnt work then im screwed right
in that case leave the cd in the drive and reboot the computer.. if the boot order goes to cd first then the live cd will boot and you can test the functionality of ubuntu on your hardware.. being a live cd it wont touch the harddrive until you actually install.. itll be much slower but functional.
if there are issues then with the live cd come back here and talk about them.. there might be answers to the issues.. when ready double click the install icon
ok
a loading screen with a organge bar going back and forth like a game of ping
thats good.. it might take a minute or two
ok well a peachish background came up the sound of bongos played then the screen just went black
what kind of video card do you have.
before the backgroudn loaded it said something like timedout....
is this a newer computer
on reboot you had a menu that gave you the choice of windows or ubuntu.. did you install ubuntu already with wubi
should i use wubi get to login screen then go to terminal mode and put some commands in
uninstalled what
so wubi was first and you uninstalled that .. except now when you boot you still get a menu
wubi i used first installed that no icons on destop uninstalled using wubi once again
yes i sitll get a menu
with the black screen displaying can you click ctrlaltf and get a different black screen with a prompt
lemme try
when you reboot you might try to get into the bios of the machine and look at the boot order.. in fact on a dell you might be able to hit a key on boot to boot directly from the cd.. if there is that option reboot and choose that.. otherwise youll have to look in the bios to rearrange the boot order of things so the cd is first and the harddrive is second.. then you should be able to boot dir
ok i will try
just to be certain whats the rite way to unstinall ubuntu to make sure i did it right
from wubi  ive no idea.. never used wubi
so you have a black screen with a prompt
ah good.. yep
then it will buzz  wurr for a bit and leave you at the standard ubuntu desktop
is this the live cd or the alternate cd
the livecd from which i burend using the iso image
click install ubuntu.. it wont .. itll just take you to the live desktop..

thats a new one on me.. there is a wiki or something on dells site for linux.. you might investigate there and search for your specific dell to see what issues people are having.. i suspect that theres a piece of hardware thats hanging everything up.. my new motherboard is like that.. took me two days to find an answer.
np.. sorry i cant be of more help
well if the live cd doesnt run the chances of it working without knowing what is currently wrong now is slim.. you have to solve that issue first.
really.. whats the answer
so the screen is working  good .. just keep going and for space tell it to use the entire drive..
so he stopped you from installing or are you continuing
so youre running the live cd or back to windows or what
cool.. will your dad approve or be pissed
full install takes less space than windows.. and it has all the programs you need typically.. then you can add tons more.
i take it this is your machine
you in college yet
youre pretty adventerous.. its a great time for you to learn linux.. ill help you a lot in the future..
its a good place to be.. im just an old dog learning new tricks
nick new name
k
yes
 gnometerminal
 gnometerminal type that
you could try ggoing to the homepage
httpwww.skype.com
ok i will try
try aptcache search skype to see if its in your cache
httpubuntuguide.orgskype  this may help
the debian package at skype site should be good too
thats what we gdo here
help each other out 
oh ok.. just type ds and tab
you see a list of persons that start with ds in the room
yoo thanks you very much
you are welcome
 ok i did now i am click on skype and nothing...
good luck with skype
i mean the program isnt working...
 you downloading the debinan version
yes
i did all that were writed there
ok.. and nothing
 httpubuntuforums.orgshowthread.phpppost
 try that
ok i willtry
are just you seeing this maasage or everyone
the ubuntu forums is good too. so heres a link. httpubuntuforums.orgarchiveindex.phpt.html you may need all the help 
i am seeing everyones messag too 
thank you very much. i will try it
yup and goodluck
better 
keeping working on it...where are you from
 israel  i have  in english lesson 
good
its very bad never mind i am trying to do what writed in the forum and its writeing me alien command not found
which one did you try
 the first httpubuntuforums.orgshowthread.phpppost
 i also tryed to do this httpubuntuguide.orgskype but its not help.. i am see skype in menu but when i am click on the program nothing is happen
does use the command with alien...that is not for debian based distros
so what to do
so what i need to do
pm me
i just walk you through the steps
your not responding
ill just do it here
you got your terminal up
 do u see my pm massages dont u
sudo aptget install libqtcmt   you going to need thisfile
how can i copy from this program
what  program are you using
are you on a linux box
ok never mind i will install it leter
ok never mind i will install it later
ok
thank you very much for the help
sure no prob
 you dont want to tdo tha.....you get spammed like mad
what did u do
 theyll spam you know
hi all
im having difficulties installing . lts bit on my desktop
is there anyone around who can help me
well i can get it to boot the livecd
what is the issue
all on one line please.  and get to the point 
ive heard about that before.  is this machine online when the ubuntu installer is running  is this a livecd or liveusb
this machine is online
can you take a screenshot of the installer in its frozen state and paste it on imageshack.us
ok
device sr is the cd
many many io errors are very common on livecds
the freeze or the io errors
i dont remember the installer well enough to follow.  is it now unfrozen
just finish the install without doing anyting extra
does it freeze regardless of the check boxes
ill now find out... i have tried all options except for checking none of the boxes
haha ok 
does the rest of the livecd work
i mean right now.  is the whole thing frozen or just the installer
im booting into live now... see if everything works there...
k
good idea burn slow or use liveusb i recommend liveusb if possible
bit is fine
there are many ways httpshelp.ubuntu.comcommunityusbinstallationmedia
httpshelp.ubuntu.comcommunityinstallationfromusbstickcreatingabootableubuntuusbflashdrive
great 
i suggest just downloading the iso again check the md sum and make a liveusb instead of livecd. if the problem persists i can suggest some more things
the installer is picky lately imo
yay 
give it some time
 great boot that you made a usb drive right
yep
k
got into the graphical installer again
k
still nothing
frozen 
open gparted
open gparted
failed to run usersbingparted as user root
run it via the gui
i did just doubleclicked it...
sudo gparted in a term    
the livecd is a full os.  what are you talking about
choose try ubuntu you can install either way its a stupid choice
do any of the partitions have any errors red s or orange triangles or similar
i thought so.  are they ntfs partitions
use windows to check all your partitions.  something is wrong with them and it is causing hte installer to crash
yay
i dont really know the details of fixing it other than making a new partition table gpt may delete everything
d
hahah 
ict 
check the anyway

they took fixmbr out

fdisk is still in ubuntu
gparted is not good at fixing ntfs partitions.  i strongly recommend you use windows to fix it
i upgraded from ubuntu . to . last night and now i cant boot up . i get the error kernel panicnot syncincvfsunable to mount root fs. booting to the old kernel makes it to the graphical login but hangs... i can log in through terminal. the menu.lst has the same root and kernelroot setting for both the new and old kernels. how can i fix this so i can get on my computer again
do you guys think if i upgrade through the terminal login since i cant get graphical the problem will go away
did you get any errors
did you get any errors during the upgrade or experience any problems
what do you mean whenever i try to boot up i get kernel panicnot syncingvfsunable to mount root fs on unkownblock  i guess that can be considered an erro etc.
i dont recall any errors throught the installation. i was sleeping while it updated
do you have initrdtools installed on the system
i dont believe i do. not if itd not bundled with ubuntu i dont
are you on the machine now
no im on another computer. ive been going back and forth on it all morning haha so its no deal. do you need any info for it
well on the broken computer try doing a dpkgreconfigure of the linuximageuname r
actually scratch that you dont need to get in to that.
try to reinstall the kernel and updategrub
how do i reinstall the kernel and updategrub
the problem may just be with your bootgrubmenu.st file on the system. but with out seeing the file its hard to tell.
type in updategrub
i can tell you about my menu.lst
are you able to paste it
no but i have information for it.
menu.lst. has the same root and kernelroot setting for both the new and the old kernel
what exactly do you need to know about my menu.lst
does your menu.st have initrd images listed under each kernel
and also what is the version of the kernel you are trying to boot ..
is this is bootvmlinuz..generic rootuuidfadcedccf ro quiet splash
i can log in throguh terminal using .. i can get to graphical login bot it hangs.
under that line should be something like initrd bootinitrc.imgblah
is that there
alright log in to the machine in recovery mode and run updategrub
sorry i was at the other machine. the old kernel that i can get up to the graphical lagin to has this line initrd  bootinitrd.img.. generic
okay. does the new one have a similary line just with the updated version numbers of ..whatever
but the new kernel is missing that particual line. should i still run the grubupdate
yes. grubupdate will try to recreate your menu.st automatically is all.
after grubupdate is done check the menu.st and you will need that initrd line for the new kernel. im just hoping it will add it for you.
ok. so just run at terminal grubupdate. once that is done do you need the new kernel initrd or should it work
yes run updategrub at a terminal. like i explained it should add the initrd line you need. but you can check yourself after it is done.
that didnt add the line... do i need to upgrade maybe i tried using another kernel i am going to see if that works.
i would try adding the line myself. just copy one of the other ones the only thing that needs to change is the version number at the ends ..etc....
ifyou look at one of the entries that has the line its pretty self explanitory.
how do i add that like
edit the file with nano
sudo nano bootgrubmenu.lst
thank you and just add it
after you are done editing save the file by hitting ctrlw
yeah just add it like the working kernels have.
youc an back it up first to by sudo cp bootgrubmenu.lst bootgrubmenu.lst
even after adding in the line it says the file isnt found... should i download the kernel again or..
what do you mean the file isnt found
i guess the kernel didnt download properly. do i have to redownload it
did the error message change
theres no more problem syncing or whatever message but now it says that the file cant be found. i can still access the other kernel but it still hangs at graphical login..
sudo aptitude install initramfstools
then updategrub again.
you would have to update your etcaptsources.list and change all references to gutsy then do a distupgrade.
crap really so thats even more things to take care of. daaaamnnn 
what do you mean
like i said it soundslike you are missing some packages particularly the inittramfstools
sry one t there.
well i figured that if i upgraded from . to . through the terminal that might fix the problems 
i tried getting the initramfstools but it said i gotta disable something... and i dont know exactly what it is
well you need initramfstools to generate the missing file.
facebook hotmail and yahoo mail will not load
i left the computer on for hours and it would not load facebook at all
i can no longer check my mail
no.
its not the internet
its ubuntu
windows xp works fine
and vista
both load everything
its has to have something to do with ubuntu being windows xp and vista both load hotmail facebook and yahoo mail
is ubuntu detecting your network wireless
is it not loading just those sites
that is unusual
installed the latest x as in an update or manually installed from another source
 the lastest x made my os stable without it my computer was crashing into the log in hence logging me out
 manually installed with multi lines using 
i dont know how x would affect the ability to use hotmail etc it shouldnt make a difference
what prblems were you having with x that is on . default
what graphics card do you have
well im stumped if it was a graphics problem it would have pushed you to the cli but you are able to get so far as to try to open a program then it crashes
 all i know is without the lastest x im screwed but before i installed it firefox worked on every site
have you tried giving ubuntu a go .
at least you can tell if your graphics will work in the next release
i think so but im trying to ascertain whether the x in . has been updated so that you dont run into the problem with the new release
one sec
thats the alpha httpcdimage.ubuntu.comreleasesnattyalpha
i came across this httpubuntuforums.orgshowthread.phpt
im not suggesting you switch to it i just want to make sure the x in . will work for you
you need to copy it with root authority
hang on
sudo cp pathtofile pathtocopyto
not sure if i got that command right
where have you got the xorg.cong file now
sudo cp homezombiedesktopxorg.conf etcx
open a file manager and look in etcx is xorg.conf there
restart
sorry i just realized that youre running an updated x that was meant to be done on the default . x
you can delete the xorg.conf and it will return back to normal
sudo rm etcxxorg.conf
then another restart
welcome back sorry about all that
do you have anything important on ubuntu
id recommend that you reinstall ubuntu . and see if you can get a fix for the xorg crashes
there has to be a reason why x is crashing on . if you can find out why maybe it can be fixed seems like we are swapping one problem for another
welcome back
seems like it though still dont know how or why
but wine and zsnes crashes
i think it was just half an hour
time flys when youre having fun 
what do you use in wine might be overkill but you could try virtualbox and a windows vm as an alternative
not sure what you mean by the updates messing with you
sounds rather vague
updates have always been rock solid for me not sure what happened when you manually installed the new x last time but it must have messed something up
ive always been a laptop guy myself thinkpads have always worked great with ubuntu
yup
did you see what was getting updated
hmm
i must confess iv never used aptget from command line more of a pacman guy myself
i have to admt i dont do anything when updating to make sure the updates run smoothly
i dont recommend that
how do i forward ports for my deluge torrent client 
that usually depends on your rounter not your os

in xp i got proper portforwarding without configuring any. but here it always says no incoming connections
there are ways computers get around router port forwarding such as upnp but port forwarding will definitely work in ubuntu
google search for deluge port forwarding and youll probably find a good guide
ok..
dont worry its usually pretty easy
i like deluge more than transmission... deluge has good gui p
heh transmission is my favorite but i havent tried deluge yet.
mm ok
do you know a way to check whether port is forwarded or not 
sometimes bittorrent clients will let you do that in the preferences... otherwise i saw a connectioncheckertorrent on the internet a while back  you could try searching for that
to actually set up port forwarding you need to log into your router and thats what youd need a guide for
i entered my ip address in firefox. it asked for password and username.. i entered both.. then a page appeared.. but it had no word called port forward 
its labeled differently for many rounters.. i think mine was under security settings or something
i dont have a static ip.. so it will come 
a dsl router i have from nokia siemens
sorry what about a static ip
but i saw a similar in portforward.com ... but the screenshot there has some options underwhich one can find portforwarding.......... for my it is not showing that at all.. i have checked all in that page..
hmm try looking under all the preferencessettings for port forwarding. it should be there somewhere
no matter what number i set.. transmission preferences windows shows port closed only ..   transmission cannot open ports by itself p p 
yes thats right. you have to open the port from your router and then put that port number into transmission
you said you have a nokia siemens router
true
but it doesnt match with the one in portforward.com
could you find the model number on it different models will probably have different settings
is model number  mac number 
no. mac number has to do with your network. your router should have the model number written on it somewhere like nokia  or something
nokia siemens networks. . .. residential router  ......... rathg vdc   ma .............
yes yes yes. it is .. residential router 
ok  can you search for port forwarding for that specific router model
ok.
thankyou for guiding.
no problem  did you get it working
no. but ill .. later  thanks
alright. good luck
drwillis  the alternate cd can be used to upgrade  just make sure you download the correct one for your system
ok.. before giving my frnd alternate ..iso. i should give him all updates till date in ... right 
or is this step not needed 
its recommened but im not sure if its actually needed. thats a very good question to ask this channel
even my update manager has  mb of updates.. but its not updating.... after entering password.. it says fix broken first and in synaptic  it shows no broken packages to fix... now what say 
try checking with the commandline open terminal and type sudo aptget install f without the quotes
 upgraded  newly installed  to remove and  not upgraded.
did you already start upgrading to .
 you shouldnt have that many packages waiting to be upgraded... i dont know why that happened
i always install updates daily
but now it says  mb to be updated... i enter your command and also entered autoremove command... but still update manager says fix broken first but i have no broken in synaptic
could you check something for me less etcaptsources.lst and see if they say jaunty
hey. that command told no such file or directory
sorry it should be less etcaptsources.list
this is the file that tells aptget what upgrades to download
httppaste.ubuntu.com here go
yeah they say karmic
which means it thinks its upgrading already
try opening the file in nano and changing every instance of karmic back to jaunty
then run sudo aptget update
 oh ok.
sorry but i have to go. good luck with everything
thanks.. thats helped me to fix.
omg
why is yum insisting on pulling in adobe reader when i only need flash

this is ubuntu support not redhatfedora
ok please try to keep that noise out of the channel
he wont even he uses the rpm command instead of yum
he wont what 
using an rpm command to remove a previous kernel will clean up the grub automatically as opposed to yum which will not. the ubuntu portion of grub will also be preserved
fedora will not update ubuntus grub config
which is what i said
no  it wont then
as ubuntu now uses grub which is manged from etc from within ubuntus install not boot any more
hence why im saying its not a real headache
from where 
then they are not experimental
doesnt look like it
what part of stop talking about fedora am i not making cleaer to you 
there are a few bugs logged for it that are being worked on
ok. this is a pretty big problem
im well aware
xorg is part of the alternative install
xorg is not installed by default when you install a command line system
xorg is installed by default from the alternative cd
how do you install a command line system from the alternative cd 
press f at boot prompts
super thank you
why does the colour matter 
latter models are supposedly more susceptable
to what 
why
why what 
why do swap partitions lack a uuid
im not  certain why possibly because there is no file system to create a checksum size on
please dont misslead people
stop
of course
you dont have to reinstall and you should not reinstall every  months that is not a method of stopping defragging
i reinstall for clean disk.
yes you reinstall
why are you asking in ubuntu 
offtopic
nonsense
no its not
macs are supported and have been for a long time
thats nothing to do with ubuntu as you no
ubuntu is based on debian ok
so  its nothing to do with ubuntu
no
because its not stable enough
do some research on it its currently broke but its stability changes up and down daily
but that is listed on the httpshelp.ubuntu.com guide which you should have read before installing
do you use bit ubuntu
yes
just ask the question
its not great but its also not the end of the world
it happens because the tmp directory is a tmpfs
ok doesnt change what i said though
no
. can be discussed in ubuntu
no
anyone know how to fix overlapping partitions
sort the spacingsizing out
sorting the space out so partiitons dont over lap
how do you do that without using gparted
what tool are you using
youve asked like  times  just wait a minute
there are other people wnating help
it doesnt work like that if you have overlapping partitions your paritions table is screwed
deleting the mandrivva parition wont fix that
if your partition tabledata is messed up
if your partition table is dead  youll have to rebuild your disk system
its mounted read only
ive told you about  times if your partition tables are overlappying your data is worthless so youll have to rebuild
if its mounting it read only and fsck wont fix it that suggests there is a fatal problem
im not confused
your tyring to access your data and copy data around on media that youve just mouonted a disk on
is confused
i assure you im not
i didnt say they where not
if your partitions are overlapping there is a good probabilyt of file system corruption
you think you can access the data that doesnt mean its all there and ok
your encoder  card does hd  not the software
create a theme
create a theme in that theme define your icon set
sure
create an icon pack
or edit the current one
usrsharethemes from memory  not certain
usrshareicons then there is .theme files somewhere
usrshareicons for system wide ones as ive said  times
the .icons are you personal ones
look for the .theme files there is also a sub forum on ubuntuforums.org for art work which may have guides for you
im no icon master have a glance through the forum and look for the guides i suggested
there is a whole artwork which covers icons sub forum on ubuntuforums.org
did you look in the forum 
did you not find any threads on modifying themes 
what video card
are you using the restricted drivers channel
have you reconfigued it to the correct resolution 
sudo dpkgreconfigure xserverxorg 
what resolution are you trying for
 x 
ok  so did you select just that resoution when you did the reconfigured
and what resolution do you get
aptget remove gnomedesktop
i hope you have something else already installed
use synaptic to remove it all
it will remove everything as gnome apps depend on gnome so if you remove gnome  the apps wont work
use synaptic and click what you want gone and hit remove all
depends on dependencies but yes as ive said open synmaptic and remove all gnome apps
yes but you have to call out the packages
no  use synaptic or aptcache to search for the correct package names
there will be a lot
to remove the package you need to know the correct package name
so youll need to use synaptic to search and select for the packages or aptcache to search for the packages then aptget remove to remove them
remove ubuntudesktop
or whatever the correct gnome package name is
thats why i said search
that wont remove everything due to dependencies
thats not it
why every  minutes  what is this place for  isnt it for helping the people who can do what they want 
is this chat place for whole linux users  or iam wrong .
this is the official support channel for ubuntu
topic
what are you trying to accomplish
what did you give me this link for 
what type of video card do you have
 i want my compiz to work
okay i will try to help you do you know what type of video card you have
what happens when you try to enable the extra desktop effects
this is my video card       intel corporation mobile gmgl integrated graphics controller
okay what happens if you try to enable the extra effects
it tells me  desktop couldnt be enabled 
hrm.
do you know what version of ubuntu you have installed
in a terminal try the command      glxinfo  grep render
we are looking to see if you have direct rendering enabled
i did
and it tells me  direct rendering yes
so when you click in system  preferences  appearence on the visual effects tab and sellect extra effects it gives you an error
what is the exact error
desktop effect couldnt be enabled
i found this which will help explain some of the issues with your video card in jaunty httpubuntuforums.orgshowthread.phpthighlightdesktopeffectscouldntenabled
so you can follow the guide and get appropriate drivers or wait until the next version of ubuntu comes out.
as the guide recomends it could break your install.
i have got that link before  but i dont know what should i do with it . there are some logs and some commands and i dont know what to do with it  and even if i will copy it and paste it  i dont know where i will paste it
well then i would wait untill the next version of ubuntu comes out and your problems will be solved.
there are issues with your card and jaunty.
where can i find the xorg.conf
etcxxorg.conf
if it doesnt exist you have to create one.
that thread shows you how to create one and were its located.
i cant walk you through the instructions.
that thread explains the issue and what you need to do to solve it. ive told you i would just wait untill the next version comes out to get the effects.
its not worth breaking your system over. especially if you dont understand they recomend not to do it.
read the warning in red at the top.
it was working with me very fineeeee
what was working
okay what happened before it broke
howd you get back in to ubuntu then
when you reinstalled did you install a newer version of ubuntu
then it should be working just as before.
hit altf and type in compiz replace    then hit enter
try to enable effects
did you have to do something before to get effects working
i have no idea what the problem is and how it would be recreated after a fresh install when it worked before.
 then i want to know now  what is really special about linux system as i see its very complicated to work with   very complicated to insatll programs . what is so special about it 
its not complicated once you learn it. as ive stated your hardware has issues with the current version of ubuntu. they are fixing it with the next release. and i believe it worked under . as well.
heres a nother fix with a little more details httpubuntuforums.orgshowthread.phpthighlightgm
those commands under the code sections are to be entered in a terminal applications  accessories  terminal
did you read the last link i gave you it has step by step instructions on how to fix your intel card
this room is volunteers. ubuntu has paid support availible.
those instructions from mralexandro are for nvidia cards not intel
you need to follow these httpubuntuforums.orgshowthread.phpt
pleaseee  read it with me  and lets follow it together   and see if it will be understandable or not
 it opened another page   the source list .....then 
i see that its leading me to update     if i will update i will get my system crashed agaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
 how are you 
my system working fine now with the visual effect after i updated my ubuntu  allthought its not safe for me to upgrade my system as i always get system crashed after updating .....but any way its ok now .but now i have another probelm
yasterday i was using mobile modem and it was working fine  after upgrading  my system asking for password while iam trying to connect with my mobile modem  when i put my pass word which i created to log in my ubuntu ... its not working ...do you know the way out 
what is the location of the make program on your machine yeah what is the location of the make program on my machine
install buildessential
how exactly should i run the command
you can use synaptic to install programs. open synaptic and search for buildessential
thx
what are you trying to do anyways
im trying to install a program and i got that error
however you can resize ntfs with ubuntu
what program are you trying to install
vmware d
thats what i guessed    did you try to use synaptic what error did you get
i didnt find it in synaptic is it there
im using the installer from their homepage
its in system administration or something in the menu
you have to use the vmware installer but before doing that you need to install a few things
i found synaptic d its just the program vmware find d
i found synaptic d its just the program vmware i cant find d
httppaste.ubuntulinux.nl
you wont find vmware in synaptic if thats what youre trying to do
i thought you suggested that
in synaptic install buildessential gcc.
also install linuxheaders for your kernel
how
which headers should i install sry for all the stupid questions man  
you have the x version of ubuntu and never changed your kernel
at least i think so d
install linuxheaders  it should be what you need. to check in a console type uname a
linux patrik ..  mon oct   bst  i gnulinux
then you have the  kernel
yeah
ok now i see i was looking at the package with the kernel version but now it installed that one aswell p
so you installed everything in synaptic
yeah
now  in the console   export ccusrbingcc.   then   vmwareconfig   or whatever the script name is
the reason you do this is because gcc is the default compiler but the kernel and kernel modules need to be compiled with gcc. instead
do i need to reebot before installing vmware
no
so now it should work
did you run the configuration script with all the network settings
im still trying to install vmware.... what script
no its the installer im trying to run
ok run it after you export ccusrbingcc.
still get the same error
what error
the export command will fix that
type gcc. v in a console
is the last line gcc .. ....
httppaste.ubuntulinux.nl
looks like it
you need to run the installer   in the same console as export ccusrbingcc.
what is nat networking the other thing worked now thx 
you can answer yes to all the questions....   nat means that vmware machines will share your computers connection
ok good
when you setup a virtual machine you have to choose how it is conencted. i always use ma
nat
now it seems to have run the entire installer without problems d
thx alot
no problem
what now sry man but your so helpful d 
nm i think i figured this one out myself
possibly but i have reinstalled the  drivers since and direct rendering still doesnt work
not the drivers directly from nvidia but the nvidiaglx package
thanks for your help btw
is there any way to see why the kernel module doesnt load
i am not using the hardware drivers manager i am using just the command line
and i was using . or  cant remember
i have been having this problem since august  see post in forums lol
is x still running yes but i always reboot
interesting. are we talking about the free drivers too i stop gdm when installing the drivers directly from nvidia because it says i should but i need to stop gdm when installing the free drivers too
also i might have tried building and install mesa .. a few months ago will the nvidiaglx package overwrite my mesa install i tried building mesa to fix my dri problem in the past
why would you build mesa nvidia does not use mesa
by running the nvidia.com installer youve crippled hardware drivers
as i said nvidia does not use mesa
i dont recommend it but if you already have ...
not a chance
regarding hardware issue right
yes
so you have never used the nvidia installer on this install of ubuntu
yes i have used the nvidia installer once. but i ran the uninstaller too.
hopefully that didnt break anything 
is the nvidia kernel module loaded
so its loaded right now and the varlogxorg..log doesnt show any nvidia errors
yes but no direct rendering.
dpkg s usrliblibgl.so..
brb need to reboot real quick but will try that command
pastebin the output of glxinfo
will do
httprafb.netptqrbs.html
hrm pastebin your varlogxorg..log too
the server glx version says mesa which implies that the nvidia driver has not replaced the files it needs to replace
httprafb.netptfrh.html
ok this is a bit magic but it may work sudo aptget purge remove nvidiaglx sudo aptget reinstall install libglmesaglx sudo aptget install nvidiaglx
thanks i will give that a try will be back to report on success or failure
you shouldnt even need to restart x when its done
does that file exist
didnt work
perhaps setting libgldebug to verbose could help i have never gotten that to work though
since nvidia doesnt use mesa you dont get anything with that
